we have here and it's that since the bun
has spoken
[Music]
Irene Montero gave her a Meninas award
which is an award of her invention Irene
Montero to give her an award someone
gave an award to those of Sálvame for being
good feminists do you remember that no
and also an award that they boast a
lot no Carlota Corredera is very
wide she is very proud of her award do
you remember that award no award for
giving visibility to violence against
women okay this is an award from our
minister
who is very necessary and that is why I am
very happy okay I want them to give me
another award please like this no I am
very happy that they take away from me well that they
steal from me because it is with pleasure it does not
sting okay I am very happy that they
steal half from me literally okay
family half of what I generated
half of what I earn from everything of what you
give me from the vissums from the paypal
from everyone's from the super chat
half of the visits everything half is
taken away from me by the state because  because we need
hospitals what happens is that sometimes we need
hospitals and other times we need
other things that we're going to see
in today's live stream okay but I want you to keep
in mind that the minister
gave the award this award surely
cost me money and all of you but she
gave an award to these people for being
good feminists because they made a
documentary about Rocio Carrasco who was a
woman who well hadn't been
mistreated but according to them and Claudia
Corazón welcome welcome thank you very much
no what calls my
attention is that they consider
people like this to be good feminists okay which
people how are they well look for
example Maria Patiño who is laughing out
loud
Patiño by the way she wasn't that feminist before they
shot her here without making that
decision you are a feminist or you leave
the TV factory no for example if
feminists passengers or Carrasco is
lying I'm telling you that he is a
feminist and believes Rocio Carrasco because
a woman doesn't see that she is dressed in pink
for which it is point and then Maria
Patiño then goes on to tweet
saying that Rocio  carrasco is lying and by the
way he posted a tweet saying false false
what he says is false I experienced it because he
went on to share with the nickname of smiley
faces smiling faces with
tears smiling faces that are now
smiling with tears smiling faces
smiling faces
sharing a tweet from belén rodríguez
okay honey for yes it's pop a
huge kiss thanks for that super chat what does
this tweet tell you that today is
world day without like
yes yes it is exactly like that, I mean, these people don't find it
ordinary and they don't find it
vulgar that a woman while she is
telling her story of being an abused woman
acts like the arrogance of arrogance
that she has gone to hook up with other
women like she hooks her
and I don't look her in the face because she
has no [ __ ] she has nothing she doesn't
have with her brother and he has no
[ __ ] they are on horseback out there the
party she has no [ __ ]
this is very feminist today okay
the more vulgar you are the more feminist
please where are you going to end up this is very
feminist olga moreno does not want to go to
survivors to deliver the check for
obvious reasons okay because she does not want to
be there  on set with a presenter
who slanders her insults her messes with
her daughter's physique Rocío Flores
messes with the good guy messes with Tokic and
harasses insults defames and above all has
a kind of fixation with messing with
women okay then Olga Moreno doesn't
want to share doesn't share the plate
because it would be a little moment take I'll give you
the check and I'm leaving but of course
this man is done by Javier
what they don't know is when is
journalist day they don't know Emilio nor will they be
able to celebrate us Olga Moreno doesn't
want to show up because this man
is funny they laugh at his jokes over
there they don't stroke his little butt so he
can continue being there working the
caress of the little butt very well now
how funny is it to leave mess with another
woman come on create fun and then
this man what he wants is to make
Olga uncomfortable surely insult her mess with
him be something okay then Olga
said well look me to be in an
uncomfortable place where they're going to insult me ​​and they're
all going to be messing with me
well what  laugh at their [ __ ] mother that's what the
organ would have thought then
here's the proof imagine what or he
would have presented them on set and there would have been
this pack okay this is a tweet
from the master I do
then the master and baba I put it so you can
see it very clearly this is a
tweet from the master Joe who despite the fact that he
spent several months harassing them
insulting them in every
possible way telling them you're the one laughing
at the way they dressed that they were a bug
of everything he gave it to give it to him he made
life impossible for months the
feminist this okay he is a feminist - with
the ladies who call him at three in
the morning and spends 800 euros on
calls so that this man can tell their
future and find out what will
happen to them in the future okay he is a feminist with
everyone except Olga Moreno too no no he
has it up the fuchsia tide
tonight everyone [ __ ] javier vales
tags himself because he is very intelligent
tags himself he doesn't ask me
why but for some reason he
tags himself  himself in the tweet and puts
a doll or gr moreno
achieves moreno
or gra moreno and puts a doll I
don't have a [ __ ] I don't have it okay this is
like a threat to olga moreno this
is like a more than obvious threat
valencia if you if a person doesn't want to
go to a dish because they're going to make fun
of her they're going to mess with her and they're going to
throw her out and reprimand her making her feel
uncomfortable well hey I think it would be a
little feminist to make her life a little
better no but no these people what they do
is give her nicknames do these types of
mates
and this is like threatening the night that she hasn't
had a [ __ ] from the dish no so that we
laugh at you and mess with you
feminism okay now from here
also you're going to allow me to add
one thing okay I add a question what is the
difference between fact work moreno
what is the difference between facts and the
people on youtube who start giving
nicknames to rocio carrasco and fidel
rocinante bus and light
[Music]
what is the difference between this and the
channels of  youtube who starts putting up
pictures here
making fun of rocio carrasco that if the
clown from I don't know what horror movie
that yes I don't know what clipping lander no because of
the hairstyle can someone explain
the difference to me
vulgar scavengers forgive me I didn't write
I'm wrong a kiss immaculada we love you
very much a kiss there was an
organ can report this gentleman
yes of course I think there should be in
fact
some difference between et I mean
how are things going you condemn this
I ask you condemn this will
you put this attitude you condemn this attitude
I ask because I want to know what kind of
audience is watching us right now you
condemn this attitude
obviously hide speak you are not against
this now
this is to meet in fact you
are not totally against no well
let's do ourselves a favor if we are going to
condemn this then let's not do the same thing
because if not we are the same [ __ ]
come on come on let's condemn them and let's
behave differently I don't find it
very funny because maria patiño
then has the holy balls they are not
the saints with that because she has
enormous balls not to say this
about gloria camila no the controversial
reaction of gloria camila to
anamaría's heartbreaking confession of the 2
no heartbreaking confession that is a lie
because they have to vary two the only thing she
is doing is filling her achaca
filling her pocket not everything she
can to be able to get rid of
the bullfighter no well she wants to get rid of him
and says maria patiño she cannot
hide her arrogance well not even to
put arrogance she proposes to brag now
this lady does not know how to write want to
put your [ __ ] last name in capital letters once and for all
maria patiño you are a
journalist supposedly want to put
her last name in capital letters vary
small do you want to write a word
properly she reveals herself they do not put
the period or anything I mean this woman does
not know how to write she
cannot hide her arrogance little
empathy and absolute absence of affection
okay maria patiño thinks that gloria
camila has a lot of arrogance okay but it does not
seem to her that she has arrogance nor gema
aldo nor does it seem that she has arrogance I
know or carrasco saying she does not have a [ __ ]
the male has been saying it this doll
is  a Moreno work that doesn't have a [ __ ] or
María Patiño
sharing Vélez
Rock's tweet saying that today is the day for those
who don't have a [ __ ] is María Patiño
María Patiño thinks arrogance is okay
depending on whether you're going to
fire her or not
[Music]